so gelato has completely refused to be
in her little play box or playpen I only
put her in here when I'm going to school
or when I'm going out or when I'm
working on something and I can't watch
her because I don't want her to hurt
herself but she doesn't like this uh-oh
and every time she's in here she would
kick all of her kitty litter everywhere
she'll kick her food everywhere she
would try to spill water everywhere
she'll just tear up newspaper and her
fleece and she'll just throw a huge fit
until I let her out and the moment Ella
her out she's like the quiet and the
most sweetest little bunny ever so this
somehow evolved into this huge cardboard
box play thing and honestly I don't know
where she is right now I think she's in
one of these boxes she likes to hide in
here somewhere up there she is do you
see her that she is she's assuming
they're sleeping just added to just come
out right after I walked away so she's
always curious about what I'm doing
stuff check out my gym shorts hey baby
what are you doing oh you want some
water okay I got you some water oh and
she has another spot on her ear now
right here it used to be this one right
here but now there's one all right there
it's like a long spot sorry baby and he
always messes up her head when she
crawls out of that box so like she'll
come out and she'll have this weird faux
hawk hair splitting thing going on when
she calls out the box is really really
cute look how big she is right now she's
so Toby right now oh this is my favorite
part when she does this she washes her
little face after she drink water she
does this all the time and i did a
durable oh so here's like a quick
demonstration how you get bet your bunny
just behind the ear if they like it you
can see that her I is I kind of closing
but like my honor
right here she really likes it any
rubber cheeks because they have really
chubby cheeks and right on the top of
the head right here she likes her head
wrap too and love she's all like
comfortable and stuff now because he's
relaxed it's like a back massage for
humans so it looks a lot of trick for me
to calm her down sometimes if I'm like
work out the computer or doing my horse
was just run up to me and tired pat on
the head so cute and she's such a good
bunny to look at me funny and I have
cute little face and my mom you love me
and I let you get head bobs isn't that
right baby oh okay that's enough of that
good bye bindi see bye